Infinite Crawlspace


Starts out as urban exploration, pre WW-era interior. Concrete and Rust. Swedish details. References to Asplund
Descends deeper and deeper (need to pick up items to unlock new set of random teles)
Enormous Caverns with Eldritch horrors

Gameplay is a low-ammo low-hp sneak and attack kind of map. Not too fast paced but more intense
Instill a sense of panic in the player
You want the player to kind of rush in and die almost immediately and try again


Randomized levels
Army guys and dogs
Random pick from 8 small levels of fast paced, corridors with 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hME3w3DBDpI

- Design encounters that can be combined into levels
- Plenty of room to loop around
- Enemy waves spawning in
- Huge pipe where you have to climb stairs 

Until the player finds 10 level items
Then we unlock more difficult levels with more advanced monsters
Random pick from 8 levels with larger caverns, huge doors, brutalism deluxe
Music changes

Finally after 10 more levels 





feature
Architecture is the masterly, correct and magnificent play of masses brought together in light. Our eyes are made to see forms in light; light and shade reveal these forms; cubes, cones, spheres, cylinders or pyramids are the great primary forms which light reveals to advantage; the image of these is distinct and tangible within us without ambiguity. It is for this reason that these are beautiful forms, the most beautiful forms. Everybody is agreed to that, the child, the savage and the metaphysician.
- Le Corbusier


Hans Asplund

--



map is currently still mostly prototype-textures, with dirtdebug lighting. i expect the map to take about 40 minutes to play. there are nearly 600 monsters. i have only tested it on skill 1, but testing on other skills is appreciated. 

⚠️
 when you beat the final arena, you are expected to rocket-jump with the MMML. if you cannot, it is a bug! please just noclip to the large exit portal above the arena instead when this happens. 

i would like feedback for the whole level, so if you get stuck at any specific section, don't be afraid to use god or noclip 

---

ANY feedback appreciated. some examples:
is it balanced?
is it too hard?
is it too easy?
is it fun?
did you get lost?
do you like the fights?
do you like walking around and platforming in the level?


The map should be playable from start to end. I have mostly been testing on skill Nightmare 
Texturing, lightning and details and gameplay are still WIP and will be improved before release.

I am specifically interested in:
- Is the map balanced?
- Is it clear what to do next?
That said, all feedback is welcome!
The map should take 20-30 minutes.
Thanks for testing!

Lore and messages are still in progress, but I've added an info box at the end with info about the puzzle-like mechanics.
